Q. No.,Customer Question,Accurate Answer from Article
1,When will markets close on Thanksgiving Day?,"Markets will close at 1 PM EST on Thursday, November 27th, 2025."
2,What time must all traders close their positions by on Thanksgiving Day?,All traders should close their positions by 12:45 PM EST.
3,When will markets reopen after the Thanksgiving close?,Markets will reopen at the regular time of 6 pm EST.
4,When will markets close on Black Friday?,"Markets will close at 1:15 pm EST on Friday, November 28th, 2025."
5,What time must all traders close their positions by on Black Friday?,All traders should close their position by 1:00 pm EST.
6,Why do traders need to close positions by the specified times?,To ensure smooth account processing.
7,Will Thanksgiving Day count as a trading day?,"Yes, Thanksgiving Day will be considered a separate trading day."
8,Will Black Friday count as a trading day?,"Yes, Black Friday will be considered a separate trading day."
9,When will non-automated payout requests be processed?,"Payout requests which are not automated, will be processed on Monday, December 1st, 2025."
10,Does the payout processing date apply to live payouts?,"Yes, the processing on Monday, December 1st, 2025, includes live payouts."
11,Will MyFunded TV be available during the holiday?,MyFunded TV will be off-air on Thursday and Friday.
12,What is the Support Staff's schedule for the holiday?,Our support staff will be operating on a regular schedule and available to assist with any questions.
13,When is the Black Friday market closing for the weekend?,The markets will close at 1:15 pm EST for the weekend.
14,Why are the trading hours adjusted for the holiday?,The adjusted trading hours are due to the holiday being observed by the CME.
15,What is the specific date for the Thanksgiving Day trading hours?,"The date is Thursday, November 27th, 2025."
16,What is the specific date for the Black Friday trading hours?,"The date is Friday, November 28th, 2025."
17,What will happen to automated payout requests?,The article only specifies that payout requests which are not automated will be processed on Monday.
18,Is the regular opening time 6 pm EST?,"Yes, markets will reopen at the regular time of 6 pm EST after the Thanksgiving close."
19,What is the purpose of this post regarding the holidays?,To inform traders about the adjusted trading hours for MyFunded Futures due to the CME observing the holidays.
20,Who is the announcement addressed to?,The announcement is addressed to the Dear MyFundedFutures community.