Evaluation, Passing, Sim-Funded Issuance & Payouts

1. Q: i passed my account today should i expect to get the funded after close or tomorrow
   A: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.

2. Q: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.
   A: If you do not receive your simulated funded account within one business day after passing, please confirm that you are not at your maximum allocation and then contact our support team for assistance. @SOSO

3. Q: I passed my eval in the morning.. what is next?
   A: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.

4. Q: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.
   A: If you do not receive your simulated funded account within one business day after passing, please confirm that you are not at your maximum allocation and then contact our support team for assistance.

5. Q: ilias — I passed an evaluation account. I have to wait until midnight to receive the certificate and the next steps for the live account?
   A: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.

6. Q: Will there be Black Friday discounts?
   A: Please keep an eye on ⁠📣│active-promotions

7. Q: Payouts which are not automated will be processed on Monday
   A: Please see ⁠📣│notice-board

8. Q: If I request a payout in Thursday will it go through?
   A: No it doesn't.

9. Q: It says payout request which are not automated . Is that all payout request ?
   A: If your payout isn't automated then it's undergoing human review.

10. Q: Payouts are processed between 6-12 hours on business days, they are both fast
    A: Payouts are processed between 6-12 hours on business days, they are both fast

11. Q: How about for the $50k Scale Rapid? What is the profit threshold before live?
    A: You can withdraw upto $100k per user

12. Q: With the flex add on, can i withdraw 3000 dollar max payouts multiple times or is it just once
    A: You can withdraw up to $3,000 5 consecutive times before you get transitioned to live funding

13. Q: There are two payout methods: ACH to bank account or Riseworks. Will both receive payment right away?
    A: Payouts are processed between 6-12 hours on business days, they are both fast

14. Q: If any new user purchasing the account you guys offer some discount
    A: Please see below [https://myfundedfutures.com/coupons](https://myfundedfutures.com/coupons)

15. Q: Will there be Black Friday discounts?
    A: Please keep an eye on ⁠📣│active-promotions

16. Q: If I request a payout in Thursday will it go through?
    A: No it doesn't.

17. Q: How many 150k pro accounts one can have? Is there a cap on total sim payouts on pro per user?
    A: You can now have a maximum of 5 sim-funded accounts, up from 3. This is limited to 50k accounts only.

18. Q: There are limits with larger accounts: If you have a 100k or 150k Sim Funded account, your total Sim Funded account limit is reduced to 3 active accounts (regardless of size).
    A: There are limits with larger accounts: If you have a 100k or 150k Sim Funded account, your total Sim Funded account limit is reduced to 3 active accounts (regardless of size).

19. Q: How many sim funded accounts are allowed?
    A: You can now have a maximum of 5 sim-funded accounts, up from 3. This is limited to 50k accounts only.

20. Q: Once an evaluation is successfully passed, the system may take up to one business day to review your account. If approved, your simulated funded account will typically be issued around 7:00 pm EST.
    A: If you do not receive your simulated funded account within one business day after passing, please confirm that you are not at your maximum allocation and then contact our support team for assistance.

Possible question variations for the answer about "simulated funded account issuance around 7:00 pm EST and one business day review":

* When will I receive my sim funded account after passing?
* How long until my funded account is issued?
* Do I get my simulated funded account immediately after passing?
* When does MFFU issue sim-funded accounts after passing evaluation?
* How long is the review period after passing an evaluation?
* If I passed today, when will my sim account be issued?
* Will my sim funded account be issued tonight at 7pm EST?
* What should I do if I don’t receive my sim account within one business day?
* Is there a wait time after passing for a sim-funded account?
* Does passing guarantee immediate sim-funded issuance?