Support, Tickets, Access Issues, Account Lockouts, Restricted Countries

1. Q: Why can’t I access the site nomore I tried to clear my cookies and changed search engine too😭
   A: Please try using a different browser

2. Q: I need support
   A: Please ⁠💬│open-support-ticket

3. Q: Can someone trade through MFF in South Africa or is it blocked?
   A: Unfortunately South Africa is a restricted country

4. Q: I did submit a ticket and they responded one time asking for my account number and have gone silent since. I need to get on the road and i don’t want them to go home before this is fixed today
   A: Hello, Support is currently experiencing an influx of requests at the moment. Since you have reached out, kindly exercise patience. Apologies for any inconvenience.

5. Q: I had a tradovate issue on thursday and on friday, MFFU support created a ticket and sent me the ticket number, the entire convo has been via email. i havent heard from them since. I followed up today. anything else I should be doing?
   A: If it was escalated that means it's still being worked on, once the issue has been resolved you will be notified via your open ticket. Please continue to hold.

6. Q: My ticket not responded, what to do?
   A: Kindly ask for an update on your open ticket

7. Q: Can you lock out of mff accs?
   A: You can use the lock out feature on Dxfeed

8. Q: I cant see my trades on this account that supposedly breached
   A: Hi there, have you notified the support team as advised earlier?

9. Q: Wait, did it say you breach but you didn’t breach? I had the same issue
   A: Please ⁠💬│open-support-ticket and they'll take a look at your account.

10. Q: How can you have a consistency rule if you can pass in one day?
    A: Was your account a Pro evaluation account with the one day pass add-on?

11. Q: Is kyc approval instant?
    A: Kindly use English for all communication

12. Q: Can I change profile info if I mistakenly put my dad's info?
    A: Kindly ⁠💬│open-support-ticket for assistance

13. Q: If I request a ticket escalation to a supervisor for further clarification?
    A: Unfortunately we do not have access to accounts here on the server, you can request a ticket escalation to a supervisor for further clarification.

14. Q: How long to wait for Tradovate recovery?
    A: Please ⁠💬│open-support-ticket and a staff would assist

15. Q: I already DID contact Tradovate, they said it's on you guys to provide API. Can you provide access?
    A: Please be advised that Tradovate API access is not available at this time.

16. Q: How do I change my username?
    A: Kindly ⁠💬│open-support-ticket

17. Q: If I have blown an account cause of traders connect, is there any chance i can get it back?
    A: You are able to use the free level 1 data made available on the platform.

18. Q: Can you give me link to calculator of 50% rule?
    A: Please use this tool. Will help you calculate and see where you are with consistency. [https://www.consistencycalculator.com/](https://www.consistencycalculator.com/)

19. Q: I have 2 50k accounts and i make 10k each account, am i getting moved to live?
    A: How much money to have to make in order for me to get moved to a live account

20. Q: Will the support respond faster if i ping them?
    A: Kindly re-ping the support staff handling your ticket please remain patient and rest assured you'd be attended to as soon as possible

Possible question variations for the answer "Please ⁠💬│open-support-ticket / support is experiencing influx / request escalation":

* How do I open a support ticket?
* Why is my ticket taking so long?
* Who can I contact about my account issue?
* How to escalate a support ticket?
* My ticket was escalated, what now?
* Support hasn't replied — what should I do?
* How to get faster support response?
* Where to open a support ticket on Discord?
* What to do if support asks for my account number and then goes silent?
* Can I request supervisor escalation for my